Software Developer

G Satish Kumar			(   HYPERLINK "mailto:g.satish1218@gmail.com" 
g.satish1218@gmail.com    			 ( 09949484578

3 years of Software development experience in Php,Mysql, Javascript and
Jquery.

Objective

To pursue and obtain a challenging position in an organization that
provides me an opportunity to grow and to contribute to the overall
success of the organization. 

Professional Synopsis

3+ years of software development with skills in Php, MySql

2+ Years of development experience in Twitter Bootstrap,  Java Script,
HTML.

Qualified software engineer with sophisticated programming skills,
sincere and hardworking with a passion for resolving complex problems
and business challenges through technical innovation.

Positive thinking, problem identification, research, analysis, and
resolution.

Has experience in analyzing project requirements, development & flow of
modules and prototype preparation.

Flexible and quick in learning new technologies and tools.

Worked and has experience in Real Estate, Retail, Mobile and E-Commerce
domains.

Technical Skills

Databases					:  MySQL, Oracle 11g.

Programming Languages	:  PHP, Html, JavaScript, AngularJs.

Professional Experience

Current Employer

Organization				:	Sanchan Info Solutions, Visakhapatnam 						

Time Period				: 	Oct  2013 till date.

Total Experience			:	2  Years

ROLE						:	Software Developer

Previous Employer

Organization				:	3G Info brain Technologies, Kakinada 						

Time Period				: 	June  2012 to sep 2013.

Total Experience			:	1 year

ROLE						:	Software Developer

Responsibilities

Provide Web Services in JSON.

To maintain the databases as per process.

Analyze the mock-up design and plan the schema of the Database for the
project.

Create Super User Admin access using AngularJS, Twitter Bootstrap,
Javascipt

To participate in review meetings to monitor progress of the project as
per schedule, and ensure timely completion and delivery of the project
to the client.

To collaborate with the team members and senior management to maintain a
continuous stream of information regarding the project status and
progress.

To document all major activities for effective reference and use.

To ensure successful status report tracking from resources and updating
the management with the latest status.

Tools Used

SQL Developer

LAMPP, XAMPP

SQL YOG

PHPMYADMIN

Projects Handled

Project #1

Project Name

Client

Role

	

Car Sales 

Car Sales, Eyal , USA

Programmer .

Project Description	The application is  used for generating QR images
for cars inventory. users can easily know the details of car by scanning
the QR code.



	Responsibilities

	Created Admin panel for Cars Inventory.

Designed and developed both mobile and windows applications using Php
and Mysql.

Generated QR codes to car details.

Generated excel files for user to easily upload cars inventory.



Project #2

Project Name

Client

Role

	

Auctre 

Auctre, Scott Towens, USA

Programmer.

Project Description	It is user driven real estate auction platform.
People can create a custom listing of their property and make it
available to multitude of buyers/investors that would otherwise be out
of reach.



	Responsibilities

	developed the backend calls by  using  Php and Mysql. 

Developed user interface by using jquery.

Developed admin panel for managing users and properties

Testing and validation of the application for proper functioning after
any minor or major changes.



Project # 3

Project Name

Client

Role

	Apex 

Scott Towens , USA

Programmer.



Project Description	It is a Real Estate Investment ERP application used
internally by the real estate agency. This application deals with the
whole lifecycle of real estate property transactions. It contains huge
number of properties coming from various websites.



	Responsibilities

	Interaction with the client, gathering requirements.

Designed and developed the application using C#, Php and Mysql.

Developed reports by using php runner.

Developed admin panel to administrator for giving permission to access
reports.



Project #4

Project Name

Client

Role

	

Eticketbay

3ginfobrain Technologies 

Developer/Database Architect, MySQL, Programmer.



Project Description	It is online movie ticket booking application. By
using this user can book movie tickets very easily. It also contains one
admin panel for marinating latest movie info, theaters info.



	Responsibilities	Designed, Implemented and maintained Database Schema,
Entity relationship diagrams, Data modeling, Tables and complex SQL
statements including DML and DDL commands, Triggers, Views.

Developed the application front end and admin panel by using  Php and
Mysql.

Integrated sms gateway and payment gateway.





Academic Credentials

Bachelor of Technology, specializing in Information Technology with
66.90% from Dadi Institute of Engineering and Technology (JNTU-K), 2011.

Intermediate (M.P.C) with 84.3% from Sri Chaitanya, 2007.

10th (S.S.C) with 76% from SVP School, 2005.

Personal Dossier

Date of birth					:	21th February 1990

Marital status					:	Single

Languages known				:	English and Telugu.		

Date:

Place:

																				(G.Satish Kumar)

