 SUPRAJA RACHAMALLA

  Plot No. 105, Hasthinapuram East, Vanasthalipuram, Hyderabad.	

  +917411856175 | +919032313995 |   HYPERLINK
"mailto:suprajarachamalla@gmail.com"  suprajarachamalla@gmail.com  |  
HYPERLINK "http://in.linkedin.com/in/uprajarachamalla" 
in.linkedin.com/in/suprajarachamalla 

CAREER OBJECTIVE	

 

       Seeking a position to utilize my skills, talent and abilities
resulting in the growth of the organization, in turn to become a  
successful professional in the field of IT, be an asset for the
organization and work in an innovative and competitive world.

PROFILE	

Experience of 1+ years in software development with core knowledge of
technologies such as Node.js, AngularJS, MongoDB, HTML.

Worked in setting up Continuous Deployment using Docker, Nginx etc.

Worked in continuous Integration using Jenkins and SonarQube.

Highly skilled and experienced in Agile Development process for diverse
requirements.

Worked on different operating systems and platforms in the process of
application development and deployment.

Worked on AWS deployment.

Willing to update my knowledge and learn new skills to perform
efficiently.

Ability to work confidently and passionately until the desired outcome
is achieved.

Strong analytical skills which would help in building great product with
logical thought process.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE	

 

Mu Sigma Business Solutions Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore (Aug 2014 - present)   
 

Project: muUniverse: This project is about interconnected business
problems in the network. Finding the solutions for those business
problems by creating hypothesis and representation for the problems     
                        

Roles and Responsibilities as a part of Continuous Integration (March
2015 – Till Date): 

Technical knowledge and experience of Continuous Integration, Build
Management, Software Configuration Management and process automation for
code and environment builds. Having experience with a wide range of
technologies and operating systems - Ubuntu, Windows, Subversion and
Docker. 

Role and Responsibilities as a Web Developer (Aug 2014 -  March 2015): 

Developed and maintained several features in the product from the ground
up. 

Responsible for server-side development, database development, and
front-end development. 

Front end development utilizing HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript, Angular
JavaScript leveraging the Bootstrap framework and Node.js /Mongo DB
backend. 

Web application development for backend system Node.js with cutting edge
HTML5 and CSS3 techniques.

Written unit test cases using Mocha.

PROFESSIONAL ACHIEVEMENTS	

Spot Award for showing meticulousness in assignments while developing
for AOPS despite being very new to the team.

Spot Award for contribution towards Docker cluster deployment and
creating automation scripts.

Best supporting member in the team.

Appreciation for smart and fast work.

EDUCATION



	Degree/ Class	Year	College/School	CGPA/ (%)

B.E(information Technology)	     2014	CBIT, Gandipet.	80.6%

IPE(Intermediate)	2010	Narayana Junior College, Hyderabad.	95.3%

SSC	2008	Krishnaveni Talent School, Kalwakurthy.	92.7%



ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENTS



Created a futuristic and highly user-friendly website for College
Management System.

Ranked 2968th in Engineering, Agriculture and Medical Common Entrance
Test (EAMCET 2010) conducted by JNTU.

Ranked 1st in School in X SSC.

Bagged academic excellence consistently almost throughout my career

Awarded Silver Medal by AVOPA organization for ranking 2rd in mandal for
my 10th class credentials.

SKILL SET



Programming Languages:  Basics of Java, AngularJS, Node.js

Title	Description



Brain Computer Interface	This paper focuses on the Brain Chip Technology
which helps quadriplegic people to do things like checking e-mail,
turning the TV, etc.



Touch-less Interactive Systems	This is a simple user interface for
Touch-less control of electrically operated equipment. It depends on
hand or finger motions. 

Database Query Language:  MongoDB ,MYSQL

Scripting Language: HTML

Others: Basic Data Structures

Enthusiastic to face any challenge and zeal to learn new things and
polish my skills.

Adaptable to any situations and smart worker.

Papers Presented



EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES



Organized an event called “D-BUG” in Tecstasy-2K11 in CBIT.

Organizer of “VITRUVIUS” (project presentation) at national level
technical symposium “TECSTASY”.

Received 1st prize in Elocution Competition on the occasion of POLICE
COMMEMORATION DAY_2009 organized by Indian Police. 

Awarded Runner up in Caroms at The Annual Sports Meet of CBIT. 

PERSONAL PROFILE



Name				:	Supraja Rachamalla

Father’s name			:	Muralidhar Rachamalla                               
  

Mother’s name			:	Manjula Rachamalla

Date of birth			:	24-06-1993    

Language proficiency		:	English, Telugu, Hindi                          
     

Favourite Pursuits		:	Singing and playing carroms.

Contact Number		:	+919032313995 | +917411856175

Email Address			:	  HYPERLINK "mailto:suprajarachamalla@gmail.com" 
suprajarachamalla@gmail.com  

Preferred Location		:	Hyderabad

Nationality			:	Indian

DECLARATION



 I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the
best of my knowledge and belief.

			                                                                     
                   			Supraja Rachamalla

