Bhanu Chandar Bodagala

Mobile: +91-8500444420 E-Mail: bhanubodagala@gmail.com

Snapshot 

To associate with an organization that progress dynamically, provides me
an opportunity to update my knowledge and enhance my skills in new
technologies, and be part of a team that excels in work towards the
growth of the organization which gives me personal and professional
satisfaction thereof. 

Have 3+ years of experience  in Support and Maintenance.

Currently serving a role of Development Operations Engineer(DevOps
Engineer) in GLU Mobiles, India.

Worked as Development Operational Engineer-II in Amazon Development
Centre Pvt Ltd,Hyd for multiple services called Global Messaging
Platform(GMP), Amazon Global Transportation Services (GTS),Amazon Global
Tech, Sort Center, Shipping Engine. Involved in projects related to
Process improvements, Technical improvements and acting as one of Point
of Contact in INDIA for any of the above service issues.

Received Best performer award for the year 2013 for working on
automation of weekly metrics generation process and configuring the
alarms in order to monitor the newly launched service Sort Center apart
from regular activities.

Received operational Excellence award for the year of 2012 for
supporting multiple services simultaneously and for developing multiple
automation tools to reduce the time efforts on each task.

Recipient of Top 100 Remedy Resolvers Icon for resolving highest no of
technical issues in entire Amazon worldwide and for reducing the time
spent on each issue. 

Experience in writing automation scripts using – Shell scripting and
Python to manage AWS.

Having good exposure on Cloud technologies like launching EC2
instances,Cloudformation Scripts,IAM, S3, Dynamo DB etc.

Having good exposure on Puppet , Python Fabric, and boto to  to manage
AWS infrastructure and deployments.

Expertise in creating analytics Dash Board using OBIEE and have good
exposure on ETL Jobs. 

Good exposure to On Call handling along with the regular support
activities

Adept in analyzing information system needs, evaluating end-user
requirements, custom designing solutions, troubleshooting for complex
information systems such as Trading systems, problem solving and dealing
with ambiguity.

Received Best student award and University topper in Pre MSIT Programme
at 21st Century Gurukulam in 2009.

An energetic, self-motivated person with hands on experience in
programming skills, client-server infrastructure, requirements
gathering, application integration and customization. 

A quick learner, self-motivated to work independently on designing new
software or on production support & testing.

Ability to work across various teams, domains and geos.

Strong problem solving, time management, and decision making skills.

Certified Ethical Hacker Certification From Tech Defense, HYDERABAD

Areas of Expertise 

Technical

Operating System              	: Windows XP, Redhat Linux, Ubuntu,
VMware.

Programming Languages 	: C, Python, Basics of Core Java

DB Management Systems 	: Oracle SQL PL/SQL

Tools          			: Putty (terminal), VMware

Application Support 

Involved in many operational and technical activities in E-Commerce
Business functionalities.

Good experience in oncall handling (16x7) supporting high severity
issues in various services.

Have enhancement and development experience as part of few projects.

Responsible for prioritizing the issues and arranging status calls to
update the status reports.

Good experience in driving high severity conference calls, engaging
people from different geographies in resolving the issue.

Many knowledge base Articles have been created for future documentation
purposes.

        Release Management

Responsible for Dispatching Client Deliverable s for Client's across as
per Region as per the Release Schedule.

Being Proactive in informing client about the new Features in the
upcoming Releases.

                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                    

        Hiring Events

Have an experience of taking interviews for hiring into Amazon for
Support engineer roles.

My areas of testing include competencies like Linux administration,
Basic programming, Troubleshooting, and problem solving skills.

Undergone rigorous Amazon Training for the same known as “Making Great
Hiring Decisions”.

Employment Profile 	

March 21st ’11 to till date                 Development Operations
Engineer

Service 1: - Amazon Locker (Production product support for Amazon’s
Innovation “Locker”)

Company: - Amazon Development Center, INDIA

Domain: - Retail e-commerce

Company & Location: - Amazon.com, Hyderabad  

Description: - 

Amazon is a Retail E-Commerce giant and has launched a new innovation in
the form of “Amazon Locker”

Earlier, customer could place their orders to home addresses and to with
this new product, customers can now collect their packages from lockers
using the pick-up code which would be sent to customer upon a successful
delivery by carrier.

Amazon Locker has been live from Jan 2012 in US and UK and we have been
the pioneer support engineers to support this product from India/USA.

Advantages with the introduction of amazon locker 

• Local presence of lockers in specific locations making convenient
customers to reach to it and collect whenever they have time.

• Security is another measure for which locker has been pulled and
taken over by amazon.

• Cost savings of last mile delivery and providing the effective way
and means for enabling customer to collect his order as per his
convenience.

Locker team handles the issues the customer get from placing their order
to locker and till they pick up the package from  locker or even while
returning the packages from  locker to FC by carrier.

Responsibilities:-

Solely handled high severity issues from my team at locker’s early
stage.

Trained a new team of 2 members to take care of locker support.

Service 2: - Global Transportation Services (Vital service in Amazon’s
order fulfilment to customer)

Company: - Amazon Development Center, INDIA

Domain: - Retail e-commerce

Company & Location: - Amazon.com, Hyderabad  

Description: - 

Service which is responsible in getting a label printed on the customer
ordered package and notifies the carrier about the arrival of the
package well in advance is Global Transportation Services.

Service has its roots and functionality in US, UK, CN and JP.

Service 3: - Shipping Engine &Shipping Configuration  

Company: - Amazon Development Center, INDIA

Domain: - Retail e-commerce

Company & Location: - Amazon.com, Hyderabad  

Description: - 

The Shipping Engine and Shipping Policy Services teams are a part of the
Transportation organization. We own the systems and processes which
manage our merchant’s website shipping configurations (ship options,
shipping rates, shipping rules, etc). 

We surface ship option and shipping charge information to the buying
customer and also provide the infrastructure for persisting and
propagating our selling customer's shipping configurations.

Role Tagged:

Developed API, to keep PO Box restrictions and BFPO address type
restrictions.

Developed UI tools, for Sellers to allow them to configure ship options
and shipping charges.

Created Host Monitoring, Service availability, API failure monitoring
alarms. 

Handled the trouble tickets, Weekly Tire-1 and Tire-2 deployments.

Technology:  Java, JSP and Oracle SQL

Service 4: - International Direct Amazon (IDA)

Company: - Amazon Development Center, INDIA

Domain: - Retail e-commerce

Company & Location: - Amazon.com, Hyderabad  

Description: - 

Amazon Global Program is a unique offering in which customers sending
packages internationally can pay their duties, taxes and other fees when
the purchase is made, rather than when the package is delivered. 

Amazon Global Program solves this problem by letting the customer make a
fully informed choice about their purchase, and by allowing them to pay
the import fees in advance.

Service 5: - Global Messaging Platform (GMP)

Company: - Amazon Development Center, INDIA

Domain: - Retail e-commerce

Company & Location: - Amazon.com, Hyderabad  

Description: - 

GMP represents a suite of services and some UI that in general process
operational documents (or messages) in both the outbound and inbound
parts of transportation. GMP will take care of all the back end
activates in Amazon. Like loading the invoice details, Purchase Item
details, Status Loading files, Manifest files etc. 

Role Tagged:

Enhanced a UI tool for finding particular ASIN is active or not in our
database

Created Host Monitoring, Service availability, API failure monitoring
alarms.

Handled the trouble tickets, Weekly deployments.

Technology:  Java, JSP and Oracle SQL Amazon Global Program solves this
problem by letting the customer

Education

Master of Science in Information Technology (MSIT)	2008- 2011

IIIT- Hyderabad, Specialization in Information Security	83.60%

Post Graduate Diploma in Information Technology (PGDIT)	2006-2008       
                  

Affiliated to Dravidian University, Kuppam	91.18%

  

Personal Details

Hobbies 		: Web hacking and Mobile Hacking, Listening musing, playing
cricket.

Language Known    	: English, Hindi and Telugu

Date of Birth		: 19th June, 1985

Address	                        : 

Date:

Place: Hyderabad.

Sincerely,

							                        Bhanu Chandar Bodagala

									bhanubodagala@gmail.com

									+918500444420

 

	

