Ramakanth Darbha

                                       

                

 

Objective

To work for an organisation that fosters growth in career and
personality and at the same time respecting a positive work-lie balance.

Work Experience

April 2014 – Present: Computer Generated Solutions (CGS), Software
Developer

As a web developer, I have a responsibility to build and maintain a
stable full stack web application.

January 2012 – April 2014: SemanticBits India, Software Developer

I am a grails web application developer at SemanticBits. 	I am a part of
development

team building a full-fledged genome sequencing tool, Clinical Genomicist
Workstation (CGW). My roles include working with bio-informatics experts
in our team in gathering requirements and converting them into use-cases
which will be further molded to design artifacts.

Project(s)

April 2014 – Present: Threadvine

Threadvine is a B2B marketing system that enables buyers and reps to
collaborate. This automated tool allows buyers to view and order
products online.

	Technologies used:

Web Framework: Grails

Language: Groovy

Database: MySQL

Version Control: Git

Caching Framework: Elasticsearch

Javascript frameworks: jQuery, jQuery UI

Roles and responsibilities:

Development

Maintenance

R & D

Administration

March 2012 – April 2014: Clinical Genomicist Workstation (CGW)

	The main functionality of CGW is to get genetic information of a
patient and interpret this information to confirm any medically
actionable case. The genetic information is collected using patient
samples which are sequenced and then processed to generate patient
reports. The artifacts used in/by CGW can be divided into:

Patient variants

External variants

Panel

Patient case information

	

	Technologies used in CGW:

Web framework: Grails

Language: Groovy, Java

Database: Oracle 11G

Javascript frameworks: jQuery, prototype

UI Frameworks: Twitter Bootstrap, jQuery UI, YUI

Web technologies: HTML, CSS, Freemarker, Ajax, GSP, XML

Rules framework: Drools

Source version control: SVN

Test frameworks: Spock, Geb

Other tools: Jira, Crucible, Confluence, Sql developer

	

	Roles and Responsibilities:

Feature implementations, bug fixes

Deployments

Documentation

Data model design

Unit and Integration testing

Skills Summary

Languages	Groovy, Java, C++, Python

Frameworks	Grails, GORM, Spring, Hibernate, jQuery, Bootstrap,
Elasticsearch

Design Patterns	Factory, MVC, Singleton, IOC, Loose coupling and Command

Test environment	Spock, Geb

Version control	Git, SVN

Web servers	Tomcat

Databases	MongoDB, Oracle 10G, Oracle 11G, MySQL 5.5

Operating systems	Linux (CentOS and Ubuntu), Windows NT

IDE	IntelliJ Idea, GGTS, Eclipse

Other tools	Putty, Sql Developer, DbSchema



Key Areas: agile methodologies, scrum, test-driven development, design
patterns, administration.

Educational Qualification

	LEVEL	COLLEGE / UNIVERSITY	YEAR OF PASSING	AGGREGATE

1.	Masters in Information Technology	IIIT Hyderabad	2012	86

2.	B.Tech in Information Technology	St. Marys college of Engg. & Tech

J.N.T.U	2009	58

3.	Intermediate	Sri Chaitanya college

B.I.E, A.P	2005	74

4.	Xth Standard	Good Samaritan High School

S.S.C, A.P	2003	84



Other Projects Details

Successfully completed a major project on bidding systems which
intelligently sorts out the best bid and automatically intimates the bid
winner. The entire project was based on C#.net, ASP.net, Adobe Flex, SQL
Server 2005 and certain algorithms designed for categorizing the bids.

Designed a Facebook application in PHP for MSIT Users which helps the
MSIT Mentors, Students and Alumni to be connected to one another.

Library Management System project in C.

A fully functional paypal like business back-end modules in JAVA.

Co-Curricular achievements 

MongoDB certified developer, achieved 100% score.

Participated in the technical event as well the concerning workshops in
BITS PILANI sponsored event “APOGEE 2008”.      

Involved in the technical festival conducted by IIT Chennai called
"SHAASTRA" 2007.

Constructed a race robot with my team for the event called "ROBOVEDA" in
Sreenidhi.

Organized the technical festival ‘Illuminati’ at my college with our
Principal and HOD.

Extra- Curricular Interests

Reading books.

Mountaineering.

Playing and watching football.

Summary

Highly motivated, organized and adaptable person with good communication
skills.

Competitive technical skills. 

Adaptable to any work environment and culture.

A very enthusiastic and quick learner.

 

Personal Details

     Name		: Ramakanth Darbha

     Fathers name	: D. Ramalingeswara Rao

       Mothers name	: D. Kamala

       Date of Birth	: 04 November 1987

       Sex		: Male

  PAGE  1 

	

Nabard Quarters,

A.Dasarhalli,

Magadi Main Road,

Bangalore

Mobile	: +91 9703290501

Email	: ramakanth.darbha@gmail.com

