Rakesh.R

Mobile:  +918125924231

E-mail:  ranga.rakesh17@gmail.com

PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS:

Having 3+ Years of Experience in IT.

Strong experience in Application development and maintenance using .Net
framework and Microsoft Technologies.

  Proficient in programming using C#.

  Experienced in HTML and creating Master Pages and CSS

  Experienced in database connectivity programming using ADO.NET.

  Development experience with JavaScript, J-Query for implementing
client side/server side code for validation in ASP.Net application.

  Used Version Controlling tools such as Subversion (SVN) and Team
Foundation Server (TFS).

  Good experience in working under tight deadlines

  Team player with effective communication skills and proven ability to
accomplish given task and responsibility on time with quality.

  Good Interpersonal and leadership skills.

ACADEMIC PROFILE:

Course	Year	Institute	Aggregate

Bachelor of Technology in Computer science	2011	Bomma institute of
technology and science, Khammam, Jawaharlal Nehru Technological
University	64%



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Organization	From	To	Designation

MwebWare Software Services	Feb-21,2012	Feb-20,2015	Software Engineer

YooFoo Technology Pvt lmt	Feb-25,2015	Till Date	Dot Net Developer



TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Platform	Competency

Operating Systems                	 WINDOWS 98/2000/XP/ VISTA/7

Framework	DotNet Framework 3.5/4.0

Technology	ASP.NET MVP, MVC

Programming Languages	C#

Databases	MS SQL Server

Scripting Languages	JavaScript, HTML, JQuery, Ajax, Css, Angularjs,
Bootstrap

Version Control	TFS 2010,SVN

IDE	Visual Studio, SQL Server Management Studio



PROJECT EXPERIENCE:

FgAdmin

          Environment:          MVC, C#.Net, JavaScript, JQuery, Ajax,
Web Api. 

          Team Size:               6 members

          Description:   	FgAdmin is a project which work under MLM
(Multi-level Marketing) which deals with online shopping of all
cosmetics and make purchase in online.

	Project use find the customer who are under him and what the commission
he is getting from his members.  

Role and Responsibilities:

MVC Design Pattern followed for application development.

JQuery and JavaScript for validation and displaying the data.

Used third part plugin’s for displaying the data.

Proper unit testing which changes are made to be check in.

Take care of deploying the project into live.

Assign the task and bugs according the requirements changes.

Worked on dead line situations for completing the work.

POS(Point Of Sales)

          Environment:          MVC, C#.Net, JavaScript, JQuery, Ajax,
Web Api , Angularjs, Bootstrap 

          Team Size:               2 members

          Description:   	Pos is a project which deals with sales of the
product on a particular event which was held at certain event. Its deals
with the products which are available with the customer and the deals
used can purchase that product. This project mainly use to develop for
kiosk for the deals purchasing the product easily at the same point.
Here we have admin page and customer page for handing the payments and
products.

Role and Responsibilities:

MVC Design Pattern followed for application development.

JQuery and JavaScript for validation and displaying the data.

Used third part plugin’s for displaying the data.

Proper unit testing which changes are made to be check in.

Take care of deploying the project into live.

Assign the task and bugs according the requirements changes.

Worked on dead line situations for completing the work.

OceanAvenue

          Environment:          MVC, C#.Net, JavaScript, JQuery, Ajax,
Angularjs, Bootstrap,CSS

          Team Size:              3 members

          Description:   	It is a Tours and Travelling Project which
contains information about the Tour Packages and Travelling facilities
around the world. Mainly it contains HopTrips, Insider Deals and Daily
Deals. In this project user can have Individual packages and Family
packages with Hotels and Travelling Facilities.

Role and Responsibilities:

MVC Design Pattern followed for application development.

JQuery and JavaScript for validation and displaying the data.

Angularjs for data binding to the HTML pages.

Designed the project, and take care about css changes.

Proper unit testing which changes are made to be check in.

Take care of deploying the project into live.

Assign the task and bugs according the requirements changes.

Worked on dead line situations for completing the work.

RCMS (Radiology Case Management System) (URL: http://3s.acr.org/RCMS) 

          Environment:          	Asp.net, C#.Net, JavaScript, JQuery,
Ajax, Web Service and 

MS SQL 2008. 

          Team Size:               	10 members

  Description:   	ACR (American College of Radiology) gives credits to
doctors or radiologists for doing various activities like attending
seminars, writing journals, submitting cases of different diagnosis,
answering cases etc. This is done to ensure that the doctors stay in
touch with the changes in technology and stay up to date with the up
gradations in medical field. We manage the content of the cases and
develop various interfaces to enable the doctors or radiologists to
enter cases and/or answer cases. 

  Role and Responsibilities:

MVP Design Pattern followed for ASP.NET application development 

Used the sources in Team Foundation Server (TFS).

Used ASP.NET AJAX Toolkit controls like Modal Popup Extender, Script
Manager, Update Panel, and Update Progress in some web pages.

Effectively used JQuery a concise JavaScript Library for traversing HTML
document, event handling and AJAX interactions.

Used the Object Oriented Programming (OOP) techniques and created
classes (in C#.NET) for database access.

Involved in developing applications in C# to meet the business
requirements using Visual studio .Net 2010.

Used Ajax library, CSS, JavaScript and various web controls to present
data to users in a much comfortable environment.

Involved in Unit testing and bug fixing.

Identifying the code where the change is required.

Fixed the Defects and troubleshoot the technical problems.

Change the code according to standards. 

Involved in enhancements and modifications of application. 

Implemented new functionality called Save Prompt using JavaScript and
JQuery.

LF (Learning Files)

	          

 Environment:	ASP.Net, C#.Net, JavaScript, JQuery, Ajax and MS SQL 2008.

Team Size:                        6 Members

Description:	LF is a content Management system used for creating and
storing patient cases under different categories of different products.
It is a platform through which user can enter patient cases by selecting
product and categories, and user can modify the cases, which he entered
depending on user privileges given by administrator. The content
entered, used to create new Radiology web or flash based products based
on requirements. This system provides robust content management for
Radiologists. This project is the part of RCMS. 

Roles and Responsibilities:

Used JavaScript validations with ASP.NET.

Used the sources in Subversion (SVN).

Modified applications according to the uses requirements.

Used JQuery, ASP.NET AJAX toolkit controls and CSS to give better
performance and 	richness to the user interface.

Involved in front end application development using in ASP.Net, AJAX
using C# and back 	end in SQL Server 2008.

Used ASP.NET web server controls like Grid View and Data List for
displaying the answers.

Extensively used Ajax applications for reduction of round tripping of
data using the update 	panel controls.

Fixed the Defects and troubleshoot the technical problems.

Involved in unit and Integration testing for quality assurance purpose.

Gathering, understanding, Analysis of user requirements 

Change the code according to standards.

 

Institutions

	          

Environment:	ASP.Net, C#.Net, JavaScript, JQuery, Ajax and MS SQL 2008.

Team Size:                         4 Members

Description:	Institution which is used to display all the subspecialties
which are having the patient cases under different categories of
different products. Institutions are used to display collection of cases
which are to be known as activities.  

Roles and Responsibilities

Used JavaScript validations with ASP.NET.

Used the sources in Subversion (SVN).

Modified applications according to the uses requirements.

Used JQuery, ASP.NET AJAX toolkit controls and CSS to give better
performance and 	richness to the user interface.

Involved in front end application development using in ASP.Net, AJAX
using C# and back 	end in SQL Server 2008.

Extensively used Ajax applications for reduction of round tripping of
data using the update 	panel controls.

Fixed the Defects and troubleshoot the technical problems.

Involved in unit and Integration testing for quality assurance purpose.

Gathering, understanding, Analysis of user requirements

Change the code according to standards. 

CERTIFICATION:

Microsoft Certification – Programming in HTML5 with JavaScript and
CSS3.

PERSONAL DETAILS:

Full name			: 	 	Rakesh Ranga

DOB				:  		17-08-1990

Gender			:		Male

Nationality			: 		Indian

Languages known		:		Telugu, English

Current Location		: 		Hyderabad

Permanent Address		:	            H.No:4-2-151/147/b/1

Srinivas Nagar,

							Khammam, 507003.

