Education													

Master of Science in Computer Science, May ’12 (GPA 4/5)

University of Helsinki, Finland

Major: Algorithms & Machine Learning

Thesis: Optical Music Recognition

Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science & Engineering, May ’07 (GPA
7.65/10)

N.I.T. Hamirpur, India

Skills													

Programming:  C, C++, Python, Lisp, Java, ASP.Net, Visual Basic, MySQL,
ECL

Others:	        Matlab, R, SPSS, MySQL, MS Excel, LATEX, HPCC, Emacs,
MongoDB

Platforms:	        GNU/Linux, Windows

Experience													

Software Developer, 3LOQ							        July ’13 - Present

Research on Technology Stack

Participate in Design Discussions for the product Development

Implement ML Algorithms in product engine

Implement various product modules

Mentor younger colleagues

Part of multiple live PoCs in different verticals

Brainstormed and implemented multiple features to cut down processing
time of bottle-neck modules significantly.

Implemented fully functional automation frameworks to cut down the
manual process.

Senior Research Associate, Corporate Executive Board				        Apr
’08 - May ’09

Mastered standard BAT/Anatomy reports of different programs and applied
the knowledge in the non standard reports requested by program members

Contributed in automating a tool to create year on year reports that was
awarded 2008 product innovation award

Working independently, successfully implemented a dynamic benchmarking
tool in Java

Wrote many scripts in SPSS to automate various time consuming repetitive
tasks and to remove errors

Helped senior team mates and program members in testing the new programs
and troubleshooting any potential issues or errors

Mentored newer members of the team

Managed a program, MLR anatomy, effectively communicating with program
contact with limited guidance and delivering reports on time

Helped other team mates with fast turnarounds and delivering ahead of
schedule for a 2nd QA process

Took ownership of 2nd level QA/peer review whenever required

Took introductory training session on SPSS for new associates

Associate Technology L1, Sapient Corporation					         Jun ’07 -
Mar ’08

Ensured quality of code coming from Track by actively testing and
raising bugs

Wrote the test scripts to be signed off by client against requirements
and later used in user acceptance testing

Helped other team members to identify business rules to formulate unit
test cases and test scripts

Working independently rolled out an automated process using the software
BadBoy to generate test data that reduced the work of 180 man-hours to 2
man-hours and speeded up the testing process. The automation was later
used by client to generate their test data in their

UAT process

Academic Projects												

Optical Music Recognition Engine, 2011

Implemented an engine to recognize the musical symbols in Common Lisp
using various methods and algorithms like Otsu's global threshold,
Segmentation, Projections and Artificial Neural Network

K-Means Algorithm, 2010

Implemented K-Means algorithm using Matlab to test clustering in
historical stock data from New York Stock Exchange of all trading days
between 2000 and 2010 of 491 different stocks on various points like
highest price, lowest price, volume etc

Project in Probabilistic Models, 2010

Implemented various probabilistic models and algorithms including
Expectation Maximization and Linear regression using Matlab to identify
the unknown values in a given data set

File Compression, 2009

Implemented a file compression utility achieving 8% compression using
Python

Automation of Finance & Inventory System, 2007

Implemented a web based centralized ﬁnancial and inventory system for
the University canteens using ASP.Net, Visual Basic and SQL Server

Internet Traffic Logger, 2006

Implemented a centralized Internet traffic logger reporting all incoming
and outgoing packets to a central server using Visual C++

Selected Course Work											

Design and Analysis of Algorithms, Data Mining, Probabilistic Models,
Information Retrieval Methods, String Processing Algorithms, Computer
Organization

LOKESH NYATI

Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh		          Phone: +91 9573982681	           
Email id:  HYPERLINK "mailto:me250285@gmail.com" \t "_blank"
me250285@gmail.com 

