Karthik Gaddam

Cell: 9989371536

Karthikgaddam1988@yahoo.com

Hyderabad

========================================================================
====

                                                

OBJECTIVE: Software Engineer

	

HIGHLIGHTS OF QUALIFICATION

Software Developer with history of productivity and successful project
outcomes

Worked as one of the Lead for ERP Software project, involved and
contributed in design            discussions

Successfully handled Production support issues of clients of
organizations

Education	

2010 Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani Rajasthan 

TECHNICAL PROFILE

Applications: ERP, Web Services, Multithreaded Applications, Mobile
Cloud Services, Email, SMS Services

Languages: Java/J2EE, C, SQL, JavaScript, UNIX, Data Structures, Design
Patterns

Frameworks: Struts, Spring, JQuery, Hibernate, EJB, Atmosphere, Junit,
Selenium

Tools, Servers: Eclipse, Maven, Tomcat, WebSphere, Sql Developer  

PROFESSIONAL WORK EXPERIENCE 

Software Engineer Current Company

Kony Labs – Hyderabad

Project: Kony Messaging Service (KMS)

Product and Service based application which serves its clients to send
Messages to their clients mobiles

KMS intercepts clients requests and send to its mobile-users of
different platforms, client don’t have to bother about  mobile
platforms(Android,Iphone,Balckberry,Windows)

Messages include Push (KMS intercepts and sends pushes to mobile
specific clouds which will sends back to mobile users),Emails, SMS,
Pass, Beacon(for ios users)

I have worked on Email,SMS, Beacon modules of application

Developed UI to Backend Rest Services , Junit and Selenium Test cases

Platforms supported for clients are cloud and 4 Web Servers and 4 Data
bases which makes it in 16 combinations for standalone clients

Frameworks used in this are Spring, Hibernate, Quartz Jobs

Software Engineer Dec-2012 to Jan 2014

Next Education – Hyderabad

Project 1: CRM Enhancements

Its Company's Internal Application majorly used for operations,
inventory management, call center

Involved in Developing enhancements for various departments 

Developed using Struts 2 ,Hibernate, Java Script, Tomcat, MySQL

Project 2: NextERP (From Scratch)

    

Its Targeted to Schools for all their Operations 

Involved in NextERP product from scratch , design discussions , DB
Design ,Developed functionality using Spring 3 ,DWR(Ajax
Wrapper),Hibernate,Mysql,Tomcat

Developed Various Modules for Application (Student Admissions,
Assignments, Attedence)

Coded heavily using Spring 3 Annotations ,Java Script 

Software Engineer Feb 2011- Nov 2012

Wells Fargo - Hyderabad

Project 1: ICCARD (Internal Commercial Card) Enhancements

Application is about Maintaining Internal credit card data, its
transactions, status, report generations user logins and their approval
requests from the higher authorities    

Involved in Development and maintenance for this application using java
web frameworks (Struts, Struts2, spring), Oracle as backend and Web
logic as web server.

Developed new flows for the application as per the business requirement
mainly using struts and EJB’s in the backend

Project 2: Common Jar Gateway Implementation

This gateway serves the purpose of converting generic requests from card
pool applications to SOAP and consuming the TSYS (TOTAL SYSTEMS) web
service calls

TSYS will have current card transaction data and its status 

We have mainly used Apache axis for web services , Apache camel for
routing  

Production Supports Issues were handled by me

INTERSHIPS 

Hurix Systems 01/06/10 to 31/10/10

Worked as Adobe Flex Developer 

Developed customize UI Components using Action Script 

EdServe 05/01/09 to 30/06/09 

Worked in web application called SCHOOLMATE using C#, ASP.NET, SQL 

My work was mainly in developing reports, explored SQL a lot in writing
complex queries to fetch data for reports 

HINDALCO 01/05/07 to 30/07/07

Summer internship worked for a project called MIS

College Projects

 

Created Desktop application using php, sql, apache

Created 2D Games using Core Java 

Working on own web project using spring and struts 

Working on shell scripts to customize my desktop tasks

Accomplishments

Involved in Design, Implementation and maintenance of organizational
level web application projects using spring, struts, web services, web
logic

Fixed lot of production issues for java application’s

Created different 2D games using Core Java to explore Java API’s

Solved many complex algorithm’s and participated in different code
contests

Interests 

Exploring C and Java library, Algorithm analysis 

Networking protocols 

Unix programming 

Open source projects 

Certifications

 SCJP 6.0 Certified Java Programmer 

